c:\users\lusha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Objekte Bewegen\Objekte Bewegen\bin\Debug\sfmlnet-audio-2.dll
c:\users\lusha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Objekte Bewegen\Objekte Bewegen\bin\Debug\sfmlnet-graphics-2.dll
c:\users\lusha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Objekte Bewegen\Objekte Bewegen\bin\Debug\sfmlnet-system-2.dll
c:\users\lusha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Objekte Bewegen\Objekte Bewegen\bin\Debug\sfmlnet-window-2.dll
c:\users\lusha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Objekte Bewegen\Objekte Bewegen\bin\Debug\csfml-audio-2.dll
c:\users\lusha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Objekte Bewegen\Objekte Bewegen\bin\Debug\csfml-graphics-2.dll
c:\users\lusha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Objekte Bewegen\Objekte Bewegen\bin\Debug\csfml-system-2.dll
c:\users\lusha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Objekte Bewegen\Objekte Bewegen\bin\Debug\csfml-window-2.dll
c:\users\lusha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Objekte Bewegen\Objekte Bewegen\bin\Debug\libsndfile-1.dll
c:\users\lusha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Objekte Bewegen\Objekte Bewegen\bin\Debug\openal32.dll
c:\users\lusha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Objekte Bewegen\Objekte Bewegen\bin\Debug\OpenTK.Compatibility.dll
c:\users\lusha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Objekte Bewegen\Objekte Bewegen\bin\Debug\OpenTK.dll
c:\users\lusha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Objekte Bewegen\Objekte Bewegen\bin\Debug\assets\arial.ttf
c:\users\lusha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Objekte Bewegen\Objekte Bewegen\bin\Debug\SFML_GAME5.exe
c:\users\lusha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Objekte Bewegen\Objekte Bewegen\bin\Debug\SFML_GAME5.pdb
c:\users\lusha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Objekte Bewegen\Objekte Bewegen\obj\Debug\Objekte Bewegen.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\lusha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Objekte Bewegen\Objekte Bewegen\obj\Debug\SFML_GAME5.exe
c:\users\lusha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Objekte Bewegen\Objekte Bewegen\obj\Debug\SFML_GAME5.pdb
C:\Users\lusha\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\1.2 Objekte Bewegen\Objekte Bewegen\obj\Debug\SFML_GAME5.exe
C:\Users\lusha\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\1.2 Objekte Bewegen\Objekte Bewegen\obj\Debug\SFML_GAME5.pdb
C:\Users\lusha\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\1.2 Objekte Bewegen\Objekte Bewegen\bin\Debug\csfml-audio-2.dll
C:\Users\lusha\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\1.2 Objekte Bewegen\Objekte Bewegen\bin\Debug\csfml-graphics-2.dll
C:\Users\lusha\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\1.2 Objekte Bewegen\Objekte Bewegen\bin\Debug\csfml-system-2.dll
C:\Users\lusha\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\1.2 Objekte Bewegen\Objekte Bewegen\bin\Debug\csfml-window-2.dll
C:\Users\lusha\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\1.2 Objekte Bewegen\Objekte Bewegen\bin\Debug\libsndfile-1.dll
C:\Users\lusha\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\1.2 Objekte Bewegen\Objekte Bewegen\bin\Debug\openal32.dll
C:\Users\lusha\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\1.2 Objekte Bewegen\Objekte Bewegen\bin\Debug\OpenTK.Compatibility.dll
C:\Users\lusha\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\1.2 Objekte Bewegen\Objekte Bewegen\bin\Debug\OpenTK.dll
C:\Users\lusha\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\1.2 Objekte Bewegen\Objekte Bewegen\bin\Debug\sfmlnet-audio-2.dll
C:\Users\lusha\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\1.2 Objekte Bewegen\Objekte Bewegen\bin\Debug\sfmlnet-graphics-2.dll
C:\Users\lusha\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\1.2 Objekte Bewegen\Objekte Bewegen\bin\Debug\sfmlnet-system-2.dll
C:\Users\lusha\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\1.2 Objekte Bewegen\Objekte Bewegen\bin\Debug\sfmlnet-window-2.dll
C:\Users\lusha\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\1.2 Objekte Bewegen\Objekte Bewegen\bin\Debug\assets\arial.ttf
C:\Users\lusha\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\1.2 Objekte Bewegen\Objekte Bewegen\bin\Debug\SFML_GAME5.exe
C:\Users\lusha\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\1.2 Objekte Bewegen\Objekte Bewegen\bin\Debug\SFML_GAME5.pdb
C:\Users\lusha\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\1.2 Objekte Bewegen\Objekte Bewegen\obj\Debug\Objekte Bewegen.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
